barfolina pavillion
===================

Live Demo: http://jaanga.github.io/gestification/projects/flying-leap-3d/barfolina-pavillion/r2/barfolina-pavillion.html

This demo app is intended to help users of [Leap Motion](http://leapmotion.com) devices learn how to fly through 3D space using their hands.

The app uses a modified version of the [Three.js](http://three.js) First Person Controller in order to provide a safer smoother flight experience.

The contents of the app provides a 3D representation of Mies van der Rohe's 1929 [Barcelona Pavillion](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barcelona_Pavilion).
The interesting aspect of this model is that it is generated by code instead of being data read from a file.

###Leap Actions
Hand open over Leap device:
* Supports the following FirstPersonControls parameters: moveLeft, moveRight, moveUp, moveUp, moveForward, moveBackword 
* Supports pitch and yaw via Three.js lat and lon parameters
* Making fist restricts camera movement to lat and lon only
* Supports Freeze all interaction toggle via a swipe gesture.

###New First Person Control Mouse Actions
* The fork supports all the standard Three.js First Person Control functions
* The fork supports the following additions:
* Turning the scroll wheel controls the speed of movementSpeed and lookSpeed << This feature is wonderful. Try it!
* When a mouse button is not being pressed the scroll wheel updates lookSpeed.
* When a mouse button is being pressed, the scroll wheel updates movementSpeed
* Clicking the scroll wheel toggles Freeze on and off.

###New First Person Control  Keyboard Commands
	The following new keyboard commands are added to the fork:
	
	````
	switch ( event.keyCode ) {
	case 32: /*spacebar*/ this.freeze = !this.freeze; break;
	
	case 33: /*page up*/ this.moveUp = true; break;
	case 34: /*page down*/ this.moveDown = true; break;
	
	case 36: /*home*/ this.lookSpeed = 0; this.lat += 1.0; break;
	case 35: /*end*/ this.lookSpeed = 0; this.lat -= 1.0; break;	

	case 188: /*< or ,*/ this.lookSpeed = 0; this.lon -= 0.5; break;
	case 190: /*> or .*/ this.lookSpeed = 0; this.lon += 0.5; break;	
	
	
	````


##Issues

###Content
Architecture: needs to be finished, including <s>roofs</>, </>cross-shape columns</s>, furniture, <s>sculpture</s> and so on
Landscape: better everything
Activity: people moving about, patterns moving on the water.

###Behavior
LeapMotion Interactions:
* Move forward/backard, left/right, up/down: all need looking at and refining
* Pitch, roll and yaw: all need looking at and refining


##Roadmap / ideas
* use hand roll to speed up and slow down lookSpeed and movementSpeed




##Copyright and License
Copyright &copy; 2013 Jaanga authors

MIT License

##Change Log

2013-09-17 ~ Theo
* Added Roofs
* Fixes and additions to on-screen messages

2013-08-30 ~ Theo
* Added select controller menu and functions - helps with debugging
* Fixed placement of background 
* Added red css class to highlight freeze warning
* Sped up lookSpeed a bit
* Worked on various move parameters
* Added '+' shaped columns
* Added Georg Kolbe's 'Alba' sculpture - with temporary material
* Set windows to be a bit more opaque
* Various minor code clean-ups

2013-08-29 ~ Theo
* Folders and files added
* First Person Controller (FPC) can now 'clamp' the camers within a XYZ space
* FPC now has slightly better control over vertical movement

##Credits

'[Alba](http://sketchup.google.com/3dwarehouse/details?mid=842462e3fcec482c9ac3aefb8c574b8b)' (Dawn) a statue by Georg Kolbe
From Trimble 3D Warehouse
Uploaded by: Xray Haller on December 2, 2011
See: http://rumlig.blogspot.com/2011/11/barcelona-pavilion-statue.html



